Thirty days later, the dogs and men arrive back at Skaguay, exhausted and worn down. The drivers expect 
a long stopover in the town, but they are ordered to deliver more mail right away. The dogs are replaced 
with a fresh team, and Buck and his mates are sold to two men recently arrived from the States. The new 
owners, Hal and Charles, are less organized and professional than the previous drivers; Hal carries 
a knife and a heavy gun, but they are obviously inexperienced and out of place in the Northland.

They load up the sled together with Charles’s wife, Mercedes, a spoiled, pampered woman who is also 
Hal’s sister. Laden with all their possessions—pots and pans, clothes and tents—the sled is too heavy 
to be pulled. Hal tries to whip the team, but the dogs still cannot pull the sled, even when Mercedes 
pleads with them to pull so that her brother will stop whipping them. An onlooker tells them to break out the frozen runners, and this time the sled moves ahead; but as they hit a steep slope, half the load slips off. Angry, Buck keeps running, with the other dogs following his lead.

Friendly townspeople help collect the goods and the dogs and advise Hal to carry less stuff and get 
more dogs. The load is cut in half but remains heavy. Charles and Hal buy six more dogs, but the new 
animals are inexperienced. Buck is generally unhappy with these new owners, who are lazy and sloppy. 
They travel much more slowly than they expected, because of the owners’ disorganization and Mercedes’ 
demands. To make matters worse, they overfeed the dogs at first, then underfeed them when they realize 
that they are running out of food. One dog, already injured, dies quickly when the food begins to run out, 
and the new dogs, weak and unused to the North, all begin to starve. Hal, Charles, and Mercedes squabble 
among themselves and show little compassion for the animals. Mercedes, in particular, constantly picks 
fights with the men and insists on riding the sled, increasing the weight and making them travel much 
more slowly.
